What is emmet?
Emmet is a plugin for editors to improve the html css workflow. Abbreviations are 
heart of emmet. Gives boiler plate code using abbreviations.
html:5 -> enter -> gives the boiler plate code of html
li*5>a{item $} -> enter -> gives 5 li items with each having <a> item 1/2/... </a> child 

Library vs Framework?
Library is a pre written code (collection of helpers, modules etc) which can 
be used in the existing project. With Library there is no inversion of control. 
We can decide how the library works. Libraries boost the work flow of the project.
Whereas framework is a foundation upon which applications can be made. Framework is a 
collection of libabries. Framework has apis, toolsets, workflows etc. There is IOC in 
frameworks, i.e framework decides how the work flow goes.

What is cdn? Why do we use it?
CDN stands for content delivery network, and it is refers to a group of servers which work
together to deliver the content faster. It is used to decrease latency and increase
performance of the delivery of content like images,audios,files etc.

Why is React known as React?
Because it is meant to react towards the change in data/state.

What is crossorigin in script tag?
cross origin specifies the settings of cors header when the browsers makes a request for the source given in script tag.
It can have two values:  anonymous/"" , user-credentials
anonymous - doesn't need an authenticated users. No exchange of user credentials using cookies. credentialsflag is set to same-origin
user-credentials - requires exchange of user credentials through cookies. credentials flag is set to "include"

React vs ReactDom?
React is designed to use in multiple platforms, web mobile , rendering engines etc. To support the DOM related cases, reactDOM is required.

react.developement.js vs react.production.js in cdn links?
production cdn is minified version of development cdn and is more optimised as it will be used in web hosted apps.

Async vs Defer
There are three ways browser loads script tags:
1. None (none of async or defer i.e. default): Browser will run your script tags immediately before rendering the elements below your script tags. Will run as per the written order.
2. Async: Will run the script files along with the rendering of the html. Will run the script files as per their download time order.
3. defer: Will run the script tag after the DOM parsing is done/ rendering is done.







